hey guys this is WJ says hi and before I
begin shout outs to my boy Nova baby
thank you for this wonderful message
link to his channel down below thank you
thank you again that's that was a pretty
cool message when it popped up so this
is my first game of the night and this
is from the escalation mat pack and this
map is called stockpile and right now
I'm using a sexy ak-47 with hardline
pearl a sleight-of-hand pro and ninja
bro and excuse my shooting right here
this is my first game of the night and
the iron sights with the ak-47 are not
too forgiving so so yeah but my aim will
get better throughout the gameplay so
this is the map stockpile and in my
opinion there are a lot of problems with
this map this map is very camper
friendly there's a little factory in the
middle of the map with two doors that
you can open and close at any given time
and also the spawning in this map are
pretty horrendous but I'll get to that
later when wouldn't I have my blackbird
I'll show you that the spawns really
suck in this map so right now I'm in
this middle factory of the map and in
domination this is where the beef is
gonna be and this is where most of your
gun battles are going to take place now
this side of the map where I spawn you
don't really want to go down towards it
because it's a very open area and it's
pretty hard to see your opponent all the
way down towards the other side so if
you have a sniper rifle and it's very
advantageous compared to having an SMG
or an assault rifle so I go back into
this little building right here and as
you can tell there are a lot of spots
where you can camp so this is kind of
bad but you know it's a part of the map
you can't really do anything about it so
I'm about to head up into this little
area right here and usually what campers
would do is they'd lay a claymore where
I was about to put one but I guess I
didn't put it there
and they'll go into this room and they
will stay at this window so this is a
very camp
friendly spot usually what would happen
you would spawn right next to this
little church to the left of me and
someone will just be hiding inside the
window so be careful about that when you
guys buy the escalation map pack so
everything is based around this little
building so you see everyone trying to
come into the building so whoever has
control of the building is basically
going to win the match and that's one
bad thing about this map right here and
as you see someone opened up that door
the thing with this door is someone
could just be waiting on the other side
of the door unexpectedly and just can
pop you in the foot going easily and get
it and really easy kill and that's a
really bad thing about these doors and
there's one other door on the other side
of the factory so that just make way
basically makes this little area this
little fact on the most crucial point of
the map and right here I call in my
chopper gunner and my attack dogs at the
same time and I haven't explained why
I've done this yet and the reason I do
this is because since these maps are
very camper friendly I let my attack
dogs go ahead and try to kill all those
campers and once they kill those campers
they're eager they're either gonna spawn
outside or they're gonna force them to
run around and go outside so it's gonna
confuse all of these people all together
and once they go outside I can just go
ahead and rape them with my chopper
gunner this is a really good tactic to
use I've tried using the chopper gunner
and the TAC dogs at different times and
the thing is that your opponent is gonna
focus more on like taking down your
chopper gunner or trying to shoot down
the attack dogs so when you have both of
these kill streaks up it's gonna confuse
the hell out of them now through my
previous videos I talked about Hotel and
convoy being very colorful compared to
the maps that track usually brings out
but stockpile is more of a tree or Koosh
map the color level looks a lot like the
zoo oh by the way I decided to stop the
color correction because it just
deviates from like the natural gameplay
that I usually get like in my hotel
video the black levels were pretty
horrible
I just think that if I just keep using
this color correction the white levels
would be horrible as well so I'm just
not gonna do anything to the video cuz
it looks pretty good by itself so once
again since I'm going down the side I
don't want to get killed by any snipers
or anything the other side is actually
pretty good it's not really as open as
the side where I just spawned so I'm
going into the the middle of the factory
again and basically this is how you gain
control of the map just going to move
the factory and make sure that you
control it and you see that there was
someone camping up top of that ledge
right there that's a really camper
friendly place as well and someone's
about to open these this door and I just
proceeded to kill them and it's pretty
bad for those of you who hate campers so
overall this map it's alright
Treyarch needs to fix the spawn points
and in this map and I don't know we just
have to live with that little factory in
the middle with those two long doors but
I have a couple midterms coming up next
week so I won't be posting a couple of
videos for a while but after I'm done
with my midterm then I'll be posting a
bunch of videos hopefully I'll get my
call of the dead I've been played up I'm
still still trying to find out better
strategies to use because it's a super
huge amount and it's definitely meant
for four players and this is the reason
why I told you not to go down towards
this way because that one dude killed me
I could have had a gameplay that was 40
and - but no I ended up with another
death so I ended the game with 40 kills
and three deaths pretty good game I
forgot to add in everyone else's voices
whoever is talking into the mic from the
Xbox cuz it was pretty funny what they
were saying because I went 40 and 3 and
everyone's like what the fuck so that
was pretty tight so anyway guys thank
you guys for watching my video please
rate comment and subscribe if you enjoy
watching all of these videos thank you
again and I'll see you guys later
you